Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My name's Kyle and I
wanna be a policeman.
I'm Gordon.
I wanna be a lawyer.
My name's Martha
and I'm a T. Rex!
Okay, Martha.
Take me on a date
I deserve it, babe
Okay.
You can do this.
No, I'm gonna
delete that one.
Hey, what's up?
"My girlfriend just sent me
the sexiest photo."
Ah, that looks like a butt.
My boobs look like a butt?
Just hangin' out in your
favorite shirt and lingerie.
Oh, boy.
None of these are good.
Dear future husband,
Here's a few things
You'll need to know
If you wanna be
My one and only
All my life
You gotta know how to
Treat me like a lady
Even when I'm acting crazy
Tell me everything's
All right
Future husband,
Better love me right
I mean, was I cheating on you?
Yes, maybe.
Ugh! I'm such an asshole,
okay? I know.
Do you think that
I like being like this?
I just need validation all the time.
It's pathetic.
But I think that's something
you can work on.
Yeah, this is super-fucked.
But maybe...
...it's a new beginning.
Right?
Oh, wow.
I like your nail polish.
I'm just gonna...
...grab this little fella.
This is what I'm talking about, Martha.
You've got no
sense of adventure.
Hey,
watch it.
Hey, have a nice day.
Take a look
around the room
Love comes
wearing disguises
How to go about
and choose?
Break it down by
shapes and sizes
I'm a man who's got
very specific taste
You-you-you're
Just my type
Oh, you got a pulse
And you are breathing
You-you-you're
Just my type
Hi. Hey. Sharon?
Yeah.
How are you?
Is that Chanel?
I like it.
What, are you with
the hotel?
Because I need some...
No, no, I'm actually...
...supposed to
be in Milwaukee,
killing your husband before he
can take your half of the firm.
That's what
it's about, right?
They don't tell me much,
but that's what I could figure out.
I was really proud of myself for that.
Gee whiz.
Look, I... Don't hurt my feelings,
Sharon.
You contacted a fixer to hire
someone to kill your husband.
Huh?
Okay.
So if you're not there,
then why are you here?
Murder's wrong, Sharon.
But you're a hitman.
Nobody's perfect.
You're gonna come home
and look at me like I'm uptight
'cause I don't
wanna have a threesome?
You asshole! 'Cause I'm not so cool.
Martha?
It's Sophie. Are you okay?
You don't even know me!
She's not okay.
No, because you
didn't bring the...
Why would you bring... That
doesn't even make any sense.
She's doing drunk closet.
She's regressed to college.
We've gotta
open the door.
And I need you to keep your
eyes to the ground
because she takes direct eye
contact as a sign of aggression.
We're coming in.
No! No!
This is my whole zone!
This is for me!
You stop judging me,
'cause these are my favorite socks!
And I have only been
drinking for two days.
Martha, you look...
I feel assumptions from you.
I feel judgment from you.
You don't know the situation.
You don't know
what's in my heart.
'Cause you're racist!
Okay. Whoa!
No!
And you smell weird!
I'm sorry, you don't.
Julia, I'm gonna
need your help.
No, I am not touching her.
She seems sticky.
Get physical with me,
and I will get physical with you!
One, two, there we go.
You unhand me,
you brute!
Come on.
No, I don't wanna leave, no!
Martha...
No! You can't stop me!
No! One of you hussies
is getting fisted!
Okay, he's heading
towards the elevator.
ETA two minutes. Espinoza's
team is already in position.
For the money this guy's worth,
I'm gonna do my thing big.
Don't let this joker start
doing that thing he does.
Amen, brother.
Fucking dance party is canceled!
Yeah!
Hey, Hopper,
you coming, or what?
No.
Nope, I made a mistake.
I thought you guys were professional.
But that's okay.
That's okay.
Someone's gotta return the
van after he kills you all.
Yeah,
whatever, pussy.
Break a leg.
Here we go then.
Stopping elevator now.
Well, that's a mistake.
What the hell? He's not in here.
Oh, yes, he is.
What the fuck?
How's he moving like that?
Catch up! He's right there!
No, he isn't.
Wow. Pretty.
Balloons. Wedding?
Nice job.
Listen, there's been
a fire down the hall,
so everyone's
gonna have to evacuate.
He's going in the ballroom,
take him down!
Don't follow him
into an open space.
Fire! Now! Fire!
When I die and they
Lay me to rest
Gonna go to the place
That's the best
Die, motherfucker!
Yeah!
Goin' up to the
Spirit in the sky
I got him in my sight.
- That's a shame.
- I liked her.
Never been a sinner
I never sinned
I got a friend in Jesus
He's by the cake!
So you know that
When I die
Well, if he's
by the cake...
...that means
he's got a knife.
Fuck me.
You son of a bitch!
I'm gonna go to the place
That's the best
Who shoots cake?
This would have been
such a nice wedding.
Well, that was fun...
...ish.
I'm not a racist. I'm not.
I know you're not a racist.
Heads up! Whoa!
Hey, are you feeling...
Ah! What the fuck?
What if that was a bullet?
I'm training you.
You're welcome.
Guys, let's go out, you know?
Let's get out of here.
It's New Orleans.
You know, like,
we're young and free,
and we should find a block party.
We could find one
with a contest or something.
Like, a contest
for our bodies.
And we show, like...
...our boobs or something.
I don't know.
But I wanna do something...
...terrible.
I wanna do something terrible.
Are you okay?
Excuse me.
Hello, ladies.
What's this?
That was a piña colada
but I drank it, so now it's an
empty cup for my friend Julia.
Oh, my God.
Jesus Christ.
Is he here?
I knew this was a good bar!
I'm gonna go find him.
Oh! Oh!
What?
What the hell?
I'm the fucking man right now!
Oh, my gosh, she's texting.
Who is she texting?
Who are you texting?
Nobody.
Do you think if I text him I'm
pregnant it would change anything?
Is there a pregnant emoticon?
Like, pregnant?
What if I text him
that I'm dying?
that he's dying?
Because I'm going
to murder you, you...
Okay, give me that.
Okay. I'm not watching you
repeat yourself.
You're like the Little
Engine That Could
that just keeps
running off the tracks.
I am stopping this train.
No more.
I'm sorry. I am.
You know, I'm sorry, Sophie.
You're so good to me, and I don't
know how this keeps happening.
Do I just suck?
No.
Am I just like
Suckball McGee over here?
No, you're not Suckball McGee.
Oh, come here.
You know what?
You're just a work in progress, babe.
Oh!
Sophie. Okay.
Why don't you come to work
with me tomorrow?
Really?
Yeah.
You can just chill,
we can pet the cats.
I love the cats!
They love you.
Oh, I love you so much.
Yeah. I love you, too.
Crazy.
In reference to Target M4937,
you have been
assigned a new identity.
You are FBI Agent Leonard Knox
from the Alabama field office.
New Orleans PD is
at your disposal.
Hopper, because of your personal
relationship with the target,
we remind you that failure
will not be tolerated.
Eliminating the target
is now your top priority.
Knox?
Agent Leonard Knox?
Uh-huh.
And you are?
Detective Gus Patrick.
Welcome to New Orleans.
Nice to meet you.
Is this supposed
to be relaxing?
Well, normally it is.
You just make everything so crazy.
I don't make...
Why are you wearing the cat ears?
They sell them
behind the counter.
Those are for
the little kids.
Well, I feel beautiful.
But you guys are okay, aren't you?
You're just the cutest.
No, that is Hannibal.
He's a straight-up killer.
This one?
Yeah, he'll fucking scratch your face off.
Are you crazy?
This is a metaphor.
No.
This cat is my soul.
It's not a metaphor.
I need to confront this.
Martha, no.
We're gonna be best buddies.
I would not stand
that close to the cage.
Martha, what are you doing?
It's gonna be okay.
What are you doing? No.
Hey, little buddy.
So in the metaphor,
do you think I won or lost?
God, it just exploded.
I mean, it pissed
right in your face.
Ugh!
Sorry. You really
took the brunt of it.
I thought you'd have better
reflexes working with cats so long.
Do you think that's
a defense mechanism?
That it pisses
right in your face?
Is that like a...
Evolutionary sort of...
I'm really sorry,
Sophie.
It wasn't a metaphor.
Yeah, I realize that now.
Yeah.
You should go home.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Yeah, very sure.
Okay.
I will see you at home.
Is it crazy that I
want you to stay
When I tell you to leave
When I tell you go?
Is it crazy that I say your name
more times a day Than I say my own?
Tell me, baby,
Is it crazy?
'Cause I ain't been myself
Lately something's going on
Nah, boy, I ain't even slept
I been up all night long
In my head
Tryin' to figure out What I want,
what I do What I don't
Is it crazy all them
answers is you?
Tell me 'cause
I don't understand
How someone just can
Walk into your life
And everything before them
You forget?
Is it crazy?
How'd you do that?
This is a lot of condoms.
Enough condoms
here to choke a goat.
What?
I don't know what I just said.
Hey, you wanna
get out of here?
What?
Is that creepy?
Sometimes
I don't know I'm being creepy.
Do you wanna go on a date?
I mean, do you wanna get out
of here and then go on a date?
Based on what?
Based on nothing?
Just go on a date?
Well, what else
are you doing today?
Fighting the urge to run
away from you right now.
I'm actually
on the run, too.
From creepy guys like you?
Oh, man, these guys wish
they were as creepy as I am.
International hitmen.
Ugh! Gross, right?
Come on, it's 3:00 p.m.
Let's go get some gumbo.
Alligator pancakes?
What else you got to do today?
Other than get
serial-killed
by a cartoon character?
Maybe a lot.
Was that cartoon
character bothering you?
'Cause I'll kick his ass.
What happened to your hand?
Oh! It was a cat.
I don't own cats, actually.
Like, I'm not like a cat lady.
I mean,
I love cats, but...
...it was a rogue cat.
I think you're beautiful.
I'm more fun than
a barrel of kittens.
Mmm-hmm.
In a good way.
Yeah.
Let's ditch this Popsicle stand.
Let's go for it. Let's go on a date.
Let's go out, you and me.
Explain to me in two words
why I should hang with you.
Two words?
Um...
"Or else."
Wow, that's actually
really fucking creepy.
That's really creepy, right?
Yeah.
Come on.
You gonna pay for those?
- Um, I did. Didn't I pay for these already?
- No.
Oh, I didn't.
I'm so sorry. So sorry.
You caught me.
Hey, buddy. What...
Mmm-hmm?
You can't just attack it
from the bottom willy-nilly.
You were doing fine before.
Just eat it like a...
...you know,
like a normal human man.
- Are you...
- What are you, the hot dog police?
Are you new to eating?
I love that shirt.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it's confident.
You've got like a confidence thing.
I have a confidence thing?
Yeah, like "fuck everybody."
You know what I mean?
Excuse me, ladies. Don't you think
she has like a confidence thing?
Sorry. He's a crazy person.
I don't know him.
But you do.
It's funny, though,
'cause this was an ordeal.
You know, it's like
every time I get dressed,
I have to confront, like,
what does this say about me?
'Cause I have stuff going
on in here and in here.
And I need my shirt to
be a reflection of that.
That's a lot of
responsibility for a shirt.
Yeah. Well, I probably don't need
to tackle the meaning of life
every time I make
a decision about clothes.
I actually relate to that.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah. It takes me, like,
half an hour every morning
just to decide
what to wear.
Oh, 'cause I thought this was a
terrible, terrible accident.
No, this was
a conscious decision.
I'm completely
fucking bananas.
You're funny.
Mmm...
You didn't finish your
story about the museum dig thing.
Oh, yeah,
well, it never happened.
I met Jeff and it was sort of about
him and his dreams and his goals.
And he's a professor, so...
Well, I guess I'm supposed to be,
too, if I honor my degree.
How'd he die?
He's...
No,
he's alive, he's fine.
He's just an asshole.
Well, I mean,
he wasn't at first,
but then he sort of
Scooby-Doo- style...
...you know,
unmasked himself.
Oh, secret asshole. Yeah.
Yes. The worst.
I think it's my
selection process.
Just every guy I get
attached to, you know,
turns out to be
secretly like...
Yeah. Am I in trouble?
Like, am I gonna
get Asshole Syndrome?
Oh, no, but it's not
a secret you're an asshole.
Oh, well, then we're fine.
I think the guy thing's
just a symptom, though.
I think I don't know
what I'm doing generally.
You know.
Mmm.
If you know that,
why don't you change it?
Well...
Is a question only dickheads ask?
Sorry.
Yeah, dragons.
You know, 'cause humans just
wanna put a name on something
to make it feel
safe, but really,
what is a dinosaur
other than a dragon?
Sorry, I feel like I've been
talking about paleontology a lot.
I don't know
anything about you.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, that's too bad,
because I'm a fascinating
and complex person.
Is that right?
Yeah, kinda sorta.
What do you do?
I travel a lot.
And I buy used cars,
old cars, vintage cars.
I travel,
looking for cars.
And I kill people,
but not so much anymore.
Oh, you split the time?
Fuck!
Hey, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
What was that?
Goddamn it!
Just some poopyhead
trying to kill me.
You wanna shake him?
Yeah.
Maybe he's trying
to kill you.
Is there something
you're not telling me?
See,
I think my problem is that
I have to be the best ever
at everything that I do.
Like if I'm
picking out a suit,
or I'm waterboarding a terrorist.
Sure.
Or I'm doing a soufflé or
being someone's boyfriend,
I have to be
the best ever at it.
I think I'm just trying to
take life more seriously these days.
What's so funny?
You're just the corniest
person I've ever met.
I am.
Shuck me.
But number one.
Number one.
Um... So then like...
Philosophically,
you're opposed to casual sex, 'cause...
Well, I usually do it naked. I don't
know what's more casual than that.
I once dated a girl,
we had formal sex.
I had to wear a tuxedo.
Sure.
It got really sweaty.
The bowtie got all crooked.
That's so stupid.
It's really stupid.
I'm here every Tuesday.
Try the veal.
This is cute.
You like that?
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Hello.
Hey. Hello.
How are you?
You're really pretty.
That was dumb. Corny.
Yeah. You're the worst.
Oh, my God.
Put that down.
Oh! Hello.
Hmm.
Oh-oh.
Hi.
Hey, Sophie.
Hey.
Have we met before?
No. I'm the crazy guy that
Martha met at the supermarket.
Now I know where you live.
Hey! Whoa!
Oh. Awesome.
Wow, you look great.
You really do like dragons, huh?
And bonus tigers.
Why don't you park those
dragons right here?
So, I should let you know I still feel,
like, a little messed up over the...
...um, the other thing,
the previous thing, you know.
Scooby-Doo?
Yeah.
So, um, I still want you to stay,
if you wanna stay, though.
Well...
Yeah! Hang out
until infinity!
Yay! I'm down!
Jumping on a bed! Yay!
Sorry.
If I'm being jumpy, I'm just a
little nervous. I think I like you.
You don't think
that this is too much, do you?
Nah.
I still think we
should've cut his head off,
though, you know?
Turns up the volume.
Johnny Moon,
you sick fuck.
This is the
beginning of a new era.
Once we are back in Jersey,
we're gonna be in charge.
We're not gonna be stuck down here in
this fucking armpit of a fucking city.
No offense, I know you grew up here.
No offense taken.
I like you. I mean, you're not a
smart guy and you're not a tough guy
but you make big calls
and you got big balls.
I mean, getting Clown Nose to
kill Richie so you can take over?
Wow. This is a terrible
fucking plan, but...
I believe in it.
It's gonna be fun.
Hey, check it out.
Houdini here is still alive.
Hey, Paco!
You having
a rough night, buddy?
What?
All right.
Okay,
let's get him up. Ready?
All right, you ready?
Yeah.
One, two, three.
- That's him?
- Yeah.
I like it.
I like it a lot.
How long you said
you've been tracking him?
FBI's been on him
for 10 years.
The CIA for 15.
I've been
running point for five.
Why don't we just
grab him right now?
With a task force, lock up the
street with snipers and SWAT.
You really want to
clean up that many bodies?
Yeah!
I'm in love.
- Are you kidding me right now?
- What?
I used to make breakfast
for you all the time.
Yeah, in a microwave.
That guy last night,
he seemed really, like...
Fancy homeless.
Oh, my God.
I just realized I don't know his name.
Who, Mr. Right?
Yeah, we were together for like 10 hours.
It never came up.
You slept with him
and you don't know his name?
I did not sleep with him.
Okay, we slept together.
We didn't have sex.
We cuddled.
It was adorable.
Okay.
I don't need a name for that.
But still, I mean,
he didn't tell you his name.
Martha, at some point,
you're gonna just have to
start recognizing
these red flags.
Why? Do you think
he's evil?
What if he is?
You know,
when I was little,
I had this fantasy that
I was dating Lex Luthor.
From Superman?
Wasn't he like a genius?
Your guy is more like a
sexy Rain Man or something.
Thank you.
But you know what?
I don't really
think this is about him.
I think you're just
in an unstable time
and maybe you're just
latching onto this guy
because, you know,
the first guy you meet...
Mmm. Yeah, I think I'm in love with him.
Is that stupid?
Yes. Hard yes.
What is that?
I want support.
I just made you a pancake.
You have to be nice.
You're saying
batshit crazy things.
I think you may be having, like,
an early mid-life crisis, okay?
That doesn't sound like me.
Mmm!
Pretty good.
He just makes me feel...
I don't know,
like you said, Mr. Right.
Oh, my God.
Can you fry whip cream?
Why not?
Oh! What?
How come
you're still alive?
What are you doing, Hopper?
The company says
you stopped checking in.
What's your big plan?
Well, I'm bringing him in.
What the hell?
He killed my whole fucking team!
He's mine,
and I'm taking him out.
Oh, really?
You have a better idea?
Always. Literally, always.
I will always have
a better idea than you.
I know this guy.
I know his weak spot.
I trained him.
So for now, we wait.
Mmm! Yeah,
like pussies, huh?
Yeah, okay. Like pussies.
We're in a big
pussy parade.
Hey!
I'm not in a pussy parade,
all right?
You watch your
fucking mouth, Hopper.
It's the wife.
I know what you mean.
So what's the story on Hopper?
Who?
Ed Hopper. His name keeps
coming up in the files.
He used to work
with our boy, right?
Some sort of master of disguise,
secret agent-type dude.
I mean, I didn't read
the whole thing, but...
Well, of course you didn't,
but if you had,
you'd know that Hopper's been
missing almost 12 years now.
They worked together in the
Ultra program at the CIA
but that went down in flames,
end of story.
Forget Hopper.
Let's focus on one
psycho at a time.
All right.
Hey, Monster.
Did you just call me "Monster"?
Yeah, it's like a nickname.
Like Marth, Marthster,
Monster, that sort of thing.
Yeah, into it.
Worth noting that nicknames
are supposed to happen, like,
organically over time,
but...
Okay. I can say it like a
thousand times in 10 minutes.
Monster, Monster, Monster,
Monster, Monster, Monster.
Yeah, just
Stockholm syndrome me.
I love that album.
It's better than Agatha.
Who's Agatha?
Oh! I think Agatha is
a swell middle name.
It is "swell." It is swell
'cause it's basically from 1935.
And Martha Agatha, it's just a double
menopause punch in the... Ugh!
It's brutal.
Hey, you wanna do
like a role-play thing?
Where I'm an old lady?
Yeah, I could get into that.
We could get, like, a walker, a cane.
Actually, I mean,
it's my, sort of, dream
to eventually be the old lady
in the neighborhood that's like
the crazy old lady,
like crazy old Martha
and just have, like, messy white
hair and, like, ratty clothes
and I just drive around all
day dead-eyeing teenagers.
That's awesome.
It's like...
It's my dream.
I can't wait to
be there for that.
Hey, are you hungry?
Excuse me, waiter? Can I...
I'm sorry, I have to just
go outside for a second.
I'm really sorry.
Hey, buddy,
here's the thing.
I'm on a date,
and I like this girl.
Can't we do this tomorrow?
I'd kill you in a park,
I'd kill you at the beach.
Maybe rent a nice, cozy hotel room?
I'd kill you there.
We'll get a big fruit plate,
hang out, we could hold hands.
Fuck you, bitch.
Are we done?
Where the fuck
you going, pussy?
I'm gonna kill you
and your fucking bitch.
You heard me.
What?
You fucking heard me.
Come get some.
Why'd you have to
go and threaten her?
That's not a nice thing
to say.
All right, gimme a second.
Yeah, come on, princess.
Let me know when
you're comfortable.
Let's go, bitch!
Fuck!
Hurts, don't it?
Whoa!
Okay.
Fucking guys.
That guy's really
homophobic.
Get the fuck off me!
All right,
have you had enough?
You could've
gotten blood on me.
This is a nice girl.
I'm just...
I want it to go well.
I like this girl.
Hey, did you have to
finish a book on tape?
No, sorry.
I had to kill somebody in the parking lot.
Some asshole.
Yeah, he was a real dickhead.
Hey, you mind if I come around
to your side of the table?
Oh, yeah. Sure.
Yep. Okay. I love it.
Let's fly in the face of
traditional face-to-face dining.
Yeah. There's too much
real estate between us.
Anarchy.
I'm starving.
I know. After killing that guy,
you must be exhausted.
Right?
Let's get some food.
Okay.
I don't understand.
Why would anybody
kill Paco?
And dump his
body under a bridge?
Well, to get at us, Richie.
I mean, they're trying
to suss us out.
I think that it is this local big dick,
Hector Garcia.
Paco must have talked.
I mean, he probably
let it slip that
he was helping to hide out big-money,
up north scaries.
Fuck.
We have to tell Dad. What?
No, we don't have to tell Dad shit.
They're still cleaning blood off
the walls back at home, Von.
And might I remind you that
this was your fucking mess?
I apologize.
Yeah.
I got an idea.
There's word on a guy.
Big-time hitman that
wears a clown nose.
Maybe he takes care
of the job for us.
Yeah. This, I like this.
Yeah, he makes a statement.
No, no.
I'm not hiring some
straight-off-the-boat asshole
to fix our problems.
We're supposed
to be lying low.
That's great, that's great.
That's a much better fucking plan.
We'll just stay locked up like
a bunch of fucking rats
waiting for the FBI
to knock on our fucking door!
Oh, that's great, Richie. Eight years
of therapy is working out beautifully.
One, two, three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine, ten. I apologize.
I like what Johnny's
saying because this guy,
he's like a real
international contractor.
I mean, he's this Bruce Lee,
James Bond-type of bad-ass motherfucker.
We get him to
make a move on Garcia
and we stop this shit
before it starts.
Okay.
Go, uh,
find your professional.
I'll meet with him.
Okay?
Here you go.
Thank you.
Where's Sophie?
Uh, she's with a guy who doesn't
wanna be in a relationship,
so it's a real treat
for her.
Ah.
What's your name?
My name?
Yeah, I realized...
I was kinda having fun
not knowing,
but now I think it's
more weird than adorable.
Is it hot in here? Um...
I don't really like my name.
I just kinda...
I kinda hate it and
it makes me angry.
And I've been really honest
with you about everything.
And I know it's only
been a couple of days,
and that's not a big
accomplishment or something,
but I just don't like my name and I
don't wanna tell you. Is that okay?
Okay.
Weirdo.
Um...
How'd you do that thing
in the store?
What thing?
You know, the, like...
The way you move sometimes.
It's like...
It's like you know, um...
Oh, yeah, that thing.
Right. Yeah.
You wanna see a trick?
Okay.
Is this gonna get,
like, scary?
Uh, no scarier than usual,
I don't think.
There aren't usually
knives.
Well, first time
for everything.
Um... Ever since
I was a little boy,
I've had an idea.
It's more of a theory,
really.
Keep up.
I'm trying.
Everything we see, like physical
things, it's all just islands.
And under it, carrying it,
is this sweeping current.
And if you pay attention,
you can start to feel it.
Yeah.
You see how your hand
moves with mine?
You can feel it. Right?
That's okay,
just concentrate on the knife.
Now if we can
feel the current,
we can feel other things
in the current.
People.
Watch the knife.
And we can feel how the
current will move them.
And we can see
where they'll go.
It's all in the movement,
you see, it pushes itself.
It's easier to move
with it than against it.
Jesus Christ!
What? What?
Why the fuck
would you do that?
I thought you were
gonna catch it.
Catch it? Did you not see
where it was gonna go?
I can't catch a knife.
Sure you can.
No, I can't.
Yes, you can.
Remember last night
when we were dancing?
You have an energy.
You've got a knack for this.
Shit. This is crazy.
Oh, my God. Look, I...
I had a really nice
night or whatever.
I know you can
feel it, Martha.
You don't know how yet,
but I can keep showing you.
No, no, no.
You need to leave
right now.
You can feel it. It doesn't
matter what I feel!
Martha.
Yeah.
Cool, right?
That's so gnarly.
No, no more.
No more, no more.
I get it. It's okay.
I should be so freaked out.
- Why don't you give me one of those back?
- Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, baby.
So...
It's like a pulse?
Yeah, kinda. I never tried to
explain it to anybody before.
No?
Yeah.
You never talked to
anybody about it? No.
Why me?
Because I wanted you
to know.
I needed you to know.
You have a...
A grace. I just knew
you'd understand.
And that's how you
knew I'd catch a knife?
I didn't know
you'd catch the knife.
I believed you
could catch the knife.
I wanted you to
catch the knife.
But there was no
way that I could know.
You're the one who did it.
You're the one who knew.
Are you mad?
No.
No, I'm not mad.
I think I'm crazy.
Me too.
And also, I want you.
I mean, really.
I really do.
I think that's doable.
Shut up. I mean,
immediately.
Huh.
Hi.
You come here often?
Oh, you didn't like my breakfast?
You know, I gotta do
this five-second stop,
and then maybe we could
get a little something.
Okay.
Yeah?
Cool.
Okay.
It's weird. I feel like I've
been in a coma with you.
Like, I don't remember...
...what my life was like
before three days ago.
Yeah.
Me, too.
So, when we were
in bed last night...
Oh, no, it's fine.
I smelled it.
I know, gumbo, hot dogs, I get it.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
You're such an idiot.
No... It doesn't bother me.
It's fine.
I...
...saw your, um...
The scar on your back.
Oh! Yeah.
Um...
Well...
Ah... It's a long story.
I was in Serbia
chasing this guy
all over the tundra...
And, um...
The whole area's
a war zone, and I...
I finally find the guy,
and he's already dead.
This is when I used to work for a
corporation. The CIA, et cetera.
Yeah.
Anyway.
A piece of ceiling tile missed
my heart by about two inches.
Some rubble hit my back,
that's what the scar is from.
It hit me in the head,
and they said I had brain damage.
Blah-blah-blah.
Doctors.
And an old friend
of mine turned on me,
that's why he blew
up the building.
Pretty shitty, actually.
Anyway, I think it put
everything into perspective.
Maybe the brain damage
helped. I don't know.
Hey, there's my guy.
I'll be right back.
I'll finish
the rest of the story.
Okay.
Okay? You look great.
Hey.
You the guy?
I'm a guy, sure. Yeah.
Everything's in there.
Nice.
Who's that guy?
Where the fuck is Richie?
Who hired you?
That's none of your business.
Oh! Yeah.
Well, it's kinda
my business.
What do you mean
Richie's not there?
Fucking Clown Nose is
supposed to kill him!
Let me see
what you got here.
Hector Garcia?
Look at this guy. He looks like Serpico.
What're you doing, man?
You want me to kill
Hector Garcia?
That's a bit ambitious,
don't you think?
Come on, you won't
tell me who hired you
to hire me to
kill Hector Garcia?
Fuck you, psycho.
Psycho?
Yeah, get the fuck out of here
before this shit gets ugly.
You're lucky I don't
pop your ass right here.
You like clowns?
Shit, he just fucking killed the guy.
The wrong guy.
Sorry.
That took a little
longer than I thought.
What's... Are you okay?
What's...
Are you upset because
I killed that guy?
Martha, how I feel
about that guy
has nothing to do with
how I feel about you.
Are you...
Um, can I go home, please?
Fudge.
Jeez, look at that.
Mmm-hmm.
There's little blood spatters
all over the place.
I mean, the angle and the velocity
is all weird, though. Like he's...
Spinning.
Dancing.
Huh?
He wasn't spinning.
He was dancing.
Oh, yeah. Look at that.
Martha, wait a second.
Wait a second.
God damn it.
Hold on.
Sweetheart...
Is this a fight?
You're really
upset about that.
Hey, Monster, it's me.
I'm...
I don't think before I act
sometimes
but I'm not a bad person.
You think bad people
have the capacity to...
Love and stuff?
I'm sorry.
You've been through a lot
and I'm...
Wait. Don't go.
I just wanna talk to you,
that's all.
Please?
This is on your head.
All right, Clevon?
I thought you were supposed
to do the hire yourself.
Would you shut
up for a second?
Why would anybody kill our hire in
the middle of public like that?
You know what
doesn't make any sense...
...is you,
here in your fortress.
Okay, okay, listen to me.
If I'd been on that bridge,
your own brother
would be dead right now.
Is that what you want?
No.
I got an address.
I followed him back there.
He dropped off his girlfriend.
Apartment number's
on the back.
Okay, Von.
Go get 10 guys, local,
then go to this girl's place.
When this motherfucker
shows his face...
Blow his face off.
What? Ten guys?
Yeah, other than
you and Moon.
From what you've said,
that sounds appropriate.
But, Richie, what I'm trying to...
No buts.
Get outta here. Go.
Martha.
Martha. There's two guys here
from the FBI to see you.
Are you in there?
His name is Francis Munch.
Formerly one of the world's most
notorious professional killers.
He's been in the game
since he was a teenager.
Trained at various programs.
Privatized, became
a bullet for-hire
and just
a meat-grinder of a man.
About two years ago,
Munch had a nervous
breakdown and quit.
He quit? Why?
The guy has something close
to emotions, always has.
Guilt.
Remorse.
We're guessing these "feelings"
just finally caught up with him.
If he's not
a hitman anymore,
why did he kill
that guy on the bridge?
We think he developed
a kind of moral code.
He's still notorious.
People still try to hire him.
But now, he kills them.
He kills the people
who hire him?
Yeah.
Because "murder is wrong."
That's insane.
I would say that's a
reasonable diagnosis, yes.
Is this the place
where we...
At the restaurant,
yeah.
He said he killed a guy in the parking lot.
I thought he was joking.
I mean,
how dangerous is he?
Well, now...
How dangerous?
There's no kind of chart.
If there was, I'd say he's near the top.
He's just...
Gifted.
Frighteningly gifted.
NSA, Interpol, FBI have made
a combined nine attempts
to take him into custody
in the last two years.
Every direct confrontation has ended
in absolute, unmitigated disaster.
He dances in...
A storm of bullets and chaos,
and he dances out.
So now what?
If he makes any attempt
to contact you,
you call us immediately.
You get it?
Please leave a
message at the tone.
Martha, it's me.
I know the smart move here is to
give you some time and some space.
But I need to see you.
I'm coming over. Okay?
I'm coming over.
Hi.
Everything okay?
Everything's great.
Okay.
Do you think
I'm in danger?
We think he's in danger.
The man he killed has a lot of
dangerous people backing him up.
But then, so did the Pirrellos,
and it didn't help them none.
Who?
A little syndicate
in New Jersey.
Drugs, heroin mainly.
Tried to hire Munch
and he killed 'em all.
Only a guy from the Cartigan
family made it out.
John...
Tom? I forget his name.
No.
No. You misunderstand.
I mean, do you think
I'm in any danger from him?
Well...
When you're a contract killer,
you have no friends.
You barely ever
talk to anyone.
You spend hours in
endless motels...
Cars.
Planes.
Just sitting there...
Staring at nothing.
But around you,
his behavior is unique.
He expresses himself.
Emotions other than that blank,
happy thing he's got going on.
You're the one person he's had any
kind of meaningful interaction with
that didn't end in a bullet.
So are you safe?
Are you in danger?
Well, let me put
it to you this way.
You're clearly
an asset to him.
Which makes you
an asset to me.
So you can sleep tight...
Martha.
- Hey, what the fuck, man?
- This beauty's yours.
What the fuck am I
supposed to do with this?
It's simple.
Bullets come out that end.
They hit people and then people die.
This is like some
World War Two-ass old shotgun.
And you said this guy's a
supersonic psycho killer, right?
You want me to go out like I'm
duck hunting on this motherfucker?
I'm sorry, Steve.
It was the best that we
could do on short notice.
Look, he has no idea
we're coming, all right?
Just walk up to the guy and shoot
him in the face, all right?
I've seen crackheads in
Brooklyn with better guns.
I'm sure a cocksucker
like you could do it.
You watch your fucking mouth,
you blinged out, Cajun green goblin.
Look at this shit.
Like Elmer-fucking-Fudd,
man.
Oh! Really? A grenade?
I taught you that one,
Francis.
Ahoy, mate.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Um...
I know, I know.
Is this guy dead? Or...
Just unconscious.
I'm really sorry.
Okay.
Do you have any...
You have a bathtub, right?
Hey, I'm not sure, um,
that you should be here...
'Cause...
I don't know, I feel
really confused, and...
Like, we should probably
take a break.
What do you mean...
A break?
Okay.
No, wait, wait. Okay, um...
What? What?
Like, this whole reverse
hitman thing is like...
It's weird, I know.
Awkward.
I kill a whole bunch of people.
But they suck.
They're like bad people.
But that's not an excuse.
I should stop.
I'm just panic-rationalizing this to
myself. I mean, I realize I'm doing it.
Honey, you are,
but you're doing great.
Okay. Uh-huh? Okay.
Really good.
Okay, whatever.
What the fuck?
- Hey, Sophie.
- Hey, buddy.
Is he dead?
Oh, he's just taking a nap.
I can see him breathing.
What the fuck?
You're gonna take
the east side, right?
Yeah, I'll cover it.
I see anything, I'll let you know.
Shit! Shit!
Hey, uh, Knox, look,
we've got trouble.
Twelve uglies heading
in the building right now.
Knox? Do you copy?
Who the hell is Knox?
He's the FBI guy.
FBI? No, no, no.
Yeah.
That guy Hopper's
a seriously mean bad guy.
Haven't seen him in a while.
He looks different.
He looks different every time.
Who is he?
Oh, it's a long story.
After I left the agency,
he was...
We used to work together.
We were really close.
And then I said,
"I don't wanna kill people."
And he was like,
"You have to come back and kill people."
And he blew up a building
on me in Serbia.
Okay, so he's not with the FBI?
What?
Nope.
We're gonna be fine.
Uh, Francis, I just...
What? What did you
call me?
Did you just call me...
He told you my name?
Motherfucker!
Fucking motherfucker!
All right, that was unnecessary.
I'm sorry, let's go. We gotta go.
No, I'm not gonna go.
Why not? 'Cause you're a criminal,
and you lied to me.
Martha, you can't go with him.
He just killed a cop.
Shut your face. Thank you.
I never lied to you.
Not once did I ever lie to you.
Martha, listen to me.
Well, I guess, yeah, that's true.
I mean, I did think
you were joking, in fairness.
Martha, we should call the police now.
Please.
I'm gonna shoot you in the armpit.
Great, great. Can't wait.
I would never do that,
I'm not gonna shoot her.
We've got a dead body
in our home, hello!
How about if I miss your armpit,
I'm gonna shoot you in the eye?
I'm not talking to you right now.
I would never do that.
- I'm sorry. I'm pretending.
- He could kill us!
We could be
dead in an hour!
Martha! Martha!
Get off of me!
You live in there now, in silence.
I'll let you out later.
- I never lied to you.
- I'm not gonna be silent!
I mean, what do you want from me?
I'm here. That's real.
I don't know, though,
'cause you show up, and you're, like,
the greatest thing ever,
and then...
I can't believe you're
letting him lock me in like this!
You kill people,
and this guy's from the FBI,
but then he's not
from the FBI, and...
I don't know.
It's just overwhelming, you know?
I mean, I don't think it's healthy.
- Nobody's normal.
- Fuck you guys.
Nobody's normal,
nobody's healthy.
Listen to me.
We don't have time,
so you've gotta
decide now. Okay?
I love you.
I wanna do this.
What are you gonna do
for the rest of your life?
You and me, you're all I've got.
Am I being crazy?
Am I nuts?
Let's do this. This is it.
Now, honey,
we've gotta do this now.
- My God, stop talking.
- I'm totally into it.
- Yeah?
- You're both fucking insane!
Let's go.
Ah! This is gonna be tough.
Why?
I can't kill anybody.
Last time I killed somebody,
you really freaked out.
Oh, no, no, I'm fine.
Okay, now don't do that.
Don't do what?
Well, 'cause later you'll say...
No, I'm not doing anything.
Trust me?
Yes.
You look hot.
You look beautiful.
Hold my hand. Okay.
Ho! Nice shot!
Yeah! Nice, baby!
You all right? Huh?
How'd you do that?
Oh, some people waste
time with the "fighting."
I skip straight
to the "winning."
We'd better
get out of here.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Fuck!
Whoa! Hey...
Was that even a shotgun?
What the hell was that?
What just hit me?
You okay?
Fine. Fine.
Is it bad?
You look handsome.
Thanks.
How's my hair? Yeah.
Hey!
Ah! Fuck, it hurts!
Fuck, it hurts!
That was great.
That was really...
I totally didn't
see that coming.
You really got me.
What's your name?
Steve.
Oh! Too many things
happening, Steve.
Martha, trying not to kill anybody.
I went ADD for a sec.
Why didn't you grab her?
Take her hostage?
I didn't think that
would be cool, man.
You didn't that would be cool?
Get a load of this guy.
He didn't think
that would be cool.
You got talent.
Why the fuck did they give you
that piece of shit shotgun?
I don't know.
Baby. We should go.
Thank you for not
taking me hostage.
Baby...
Ah!
Who the fuck are these guys now?
They seem super pissed, right?
Yeah.
Where the fuck is Johnny?
I'm gonna kill one of these guys.
That's fine.
It's the last one, I promise.
No, I don't care.
Yeah, you say that now,
but then later in the car
you're gonna be like,
"Why'd you have to..."
No, I don't care.
Okay.
Son of a bitch!
Okay, fellas.
So you saw that I could
basically kill
all of you guys
from here, right?
Was that dude your buddy?
I mean, look at that guy.
That's it, that's game over.
Imagine Christmas with his parents.
Maybe he's got kids.
What if he's got a cat?
Maybe he's got a cat.
Who's gonna feed his cat?
Who's gonna feed your cats?
I know they're paying you,
but I mean, is it worth it?
We all know how
this is gonna go down.
No shame here.
Good?
Anybody?
Hey! Where the fuck
are you going?
We paid you for the day!
Fuck this, man!
Okay.
Anyone else?
Go fuck yourself!
Oh...
That wasn't very nice.
Hey, we got some chips here.
We got some pitchers of lemonade.
Why don't we hang out and
talk about this for a second?
What are you doing?
Just give me a little push.
It's gonna be okay.
Ready?
One, two, three.
How you feeling, fellas?
I had fun.
Nobody got hurt.
Well, a little hurt.
You should
call an ambulance.
Hey, you.
Wanna call an ambulance?
Okay, look, don't shoot.
This was just
a big mistake.
There you go.
Have we met?
Kinda.
New Jersey, right?
The Poconos,
the Pinocchios, or something?
Yeah.
The Pirrellos.
Pirrellos! Yeah.
Vinnie, right?
It's Von, but don't...
Yeah.
You were the guy
hiding under the table.
It was my first big gunfight.
It was scary.
Vinnie, what did I tell you?
Did I tell you to
stay out of trouble?
Stay out of trouble.
That's right.
This isn't staying
out of trouble, Vinnie.
I'm not the one that
hired you. All right?
That was my brother,
Richie.
He is the one
that you want.
I literally don't care.
Okay, that's enough.
Get away from him.
Steve,
is that you?
Good for you, pal,
you got me again.
Martha!
A clown nose,
wow, that's...
That's a cute gimmick.
You know, one time I was
gonna wear bowties...
Then I decided to be the guy who
just killed all your friends.
I don't get it, man.
Why we taking this girl?
Let's just shoot
that motherfucker.
Steve...
Just do what you're told.
Okay?
Johnny, let's go!
Wait a second, Vinnie.
You want her, you come and get her.
Fremont and Oleda.
This is a bad call.
Hey, what about us, man?
Fucking bums!
That's what happens
when you Craigslist criminals.
Wait a second.
Bad move. Bad move, man!
Bad move.
You're awake.
You having fun making a fool
out of yourself, Francis?
Don't call me that.
What happened to you?
You used to be
like the grim reaper.
I remember there was a...
A guy, he was a Yakuza twat,
I think...
And he literally
pissed himself
just 'cause he heard
you was on the way.
What?
The clown nose is tacky.
Is there some kind of
joke I'm not getting?
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
The joke
you're not getting.
Get it?
That's hilarious, Francis.
Well, now it's time
to go home.
You should smile more.
You'd be more popular.
That's a nice smile. See?
Police! Put your hands
where I can see them!
On the ground!
Stay on the ground!
Well, what took you
so long?
I was waiting for backup.
Nobody's here yet.
You're here now, so relax.
He's in custody.
Why are you
talking like that?
Why is everything
such a problem?
Oh, bollocks.
- Listen, it's actually a very simple plan.
- All right.
The girl is exactly
where we want her.
She's in Richard's office,
so the bait is set.
All that we have to do is wait
for that maniac to come here,
he kills everyone
that stands in his path.
We find an excuse, any excuse,
to get the fuck out of here.
And then...
Blip-blap-blop...
Richard's gone,
I'm king of the castle.
What doesn't make
sense about this?
I don't know.
All of it?
Richard is waiting for you.
Thanks, dickhead.
Peace to you, too.
No. Just him.
You're telling me that
you shot this guy in the face
and he just survived?
It was your guys that gave me a
900-year-old fucking shotgun.
- Really?
- So with all due respect, mister,
I don't understand
what happened.
Just give me my fucking money...
and I'm out the door.
I apologize.
What was your name again?
Steve.
Steve...
What do you
like on your pizza?
Cheese, man.
Yeah?
Yeah? Cheese?
How about some extra cheese?
Still working.
That's a good phone.
Now...
You.
No, listen.
This is what me and
Johnny are gonna do.
We're gonna go out there,
all right?
We're gonna
get the word out,
then we're gonna throw up
a 100-grand reward.
- $100,000? That's your plan?
- That's my plan.
That's a stupid idea.
Bruce, what the fuck do you
even do around here, man?
If we don't know
where this guy is,
no one can afford
to leave this house.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Honestly...
I think the safe bet
is just to let her go.
Hmm?
Let her go? Really?
That's your fucking idea?
You know what?
You have no idea what you are doing.
You have no balls, no...
Yeah?
Fuck! Son of a bitch!
I'm going to work much harder
to control my anger.
But people are dead.
The bodies are piling up
and Dad is kinda gonna notice.
And the fault is yours,
you piece of shit wormfuck.
I have been defending your
worthless cokehead ass for years.
Fucking years.
And now I realize...
I was wrong.
You should've died
with the Pirrellos.
Fuck you, Richie!
Just take the girl and get
the fuck out of this room.
And I don't give a shit if you tell
Mom that I beat your ass, either.
Bruce, nobody else leaves.
No more fuck-ups.
If that cocksucker has the
balls to show up here,
we hit him with
everything we got.
Okay, okay.
I lost track of my dumb
decisions a long time ago.
And you guys had
an automatic M16,
military issue
with a laser scope,
and you give me a fucking
Elmer Fudd shotgun?
Fuck this.
Fuck,
we are totally fucked.
We're gonna be stuck here
when that psychopath shows up.
Will you get this for me?
I can't do it. Yeah.
Yeah, we're fucked.
Big deal.
You started this ride, Von.
You're the one who pushed the
shitball rolling down the hill.
Seriously?
Mmm-hmm?
Will you please
shut the fuck up?
Watch your mouth
with me, man.
Or what?
Don't let this
become un-fun.
It's supposed
to be fun, right?
Or I get a bad attitude.
Who the fuck do
you think you are?
I'm fucking Johnny Moon.
What?
Okay. You wanna have some fun?
Yeah.
You wanna have some fun?
What's that, baby?
I couldn't hear you under this.
Okay.
This is you guys.
"Oh, no! He's
gonna come and kill us!"
"Uh! I'm Johnny Moon!
I love you, Von!"
"I love you, too, Johnny!
Do you wanna go on a camping trip?"
"Oh, anywhere
with you, buddy."
I like this bitch, I do.
So...
Why don't you tell me...
What's it like?
Having an IQ over 17?
Dating a serial killer.
Now, I gotta slow you down right
there for a second, 'cause...
To be honest,
I don't understand your plan.
Like, is it
a "get killed" plan?
Is it like a plan
to get killed?
Like an elaborate
sort of suicide pact?
Stings, right?
Are you stupid?
You're so fucked.
When he gets here,
you better hope you're long gone.
Because he's
going to kill you.
And if he doesn't,
I will.
You're gonna kill me?
You are?
Well, they tell me successful
people set achievable goals, so...
How does it feel now?
Huh, bitch?
I feel...
I feel motivated.
Those fuckers.
"Oh, do this, Steve.
"Do that, Steve. Come on,
Steve, you can handle it.
"Take the fucked
up shotgun, Steve."
Hey, what's going on?
Uh-uh!
Ooh! That looks good.
How many guys inside?
Got fucking Von, Johnny,
Bruce, Richie, so that's four.
Plus six other motherfuckers
with automatic weapons, man.
May I?
That oughta stir 'em up.
What happened to your face?
Fucking asshole Richie
beat me with a phone.
Get outta town.
No, I'm serious, man.
Motherfucker beat me with a phone.
What a jerk.
Yeah.
Can I have some of these gummy bears?
I like the green ones.
Help yourself. That's funny,
I hate the fucking green ones.
Really? Perfect.
You know what I mean?
All right, see you inside?
That's what they paid me for.
Good luck, buddy.
This fucking guy is crazy.
Von, go to
Richard's office
and take him down
in the basement.
You...
Upstairs.
Don't worry, Richie, everything's
under control.
Motherfucker!
What's going on?
You having a hard time with that?
You know, I'm used to a smaller
caliber gun than this.
Here, let me
take a look at that.
It's a nice gun.
Thanks.
There you go.
You want your gun back?
Do you want it back?
Please?
Psych.
Son of a bitch, man!
Where's Martha?
Fuck you.
All right, I'll find her myself.
What?
Wait. Wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
Don't you wanna kill him?
What?
You know, do your thing
with the thing that you do?
Nuh... What?
The hitman thing that you do.
Where they try to hire you
and then you kill them
out of some fucking misguided moral
fucking purpose that you have.
That crazy bullshit.
No, no.
I promised my girlfriend.
I don't do that anymore.
What?
Yeah. You ever met a girl,
and it's just like...
You can't eat, you can't stop
thinking about her?
Dude! Spare me the bullshit.
I brought you all the
way here to kill him!
And you tell me that you're
not killing anymore?
What the fuck?
I'm sorry, man,
I don't mean to let you down.
I just have no desire
to kill you or your brother.
I'm just here to
pick up my girlfriend.
What the fuck, Clevon?
Shut the fuck up, Richie!
Yeah, you're letting me down
in a big way!
I think you two have some
issues to talk about.
I'm just gonna
leave you to it.
Richie, get off!
Gimme that! Ow!
Ow! Hey! What's with
you and the biting?
Fuck.
Hey, what's happening?
Gorgeous.
Okay.
What are you doing? What is that?
Like tae Kwon do or something?
It's karate. The thing is,
I don't do karate.
So that's not fair.
You got a fucking
gun in your hand.
All right,
well, I'll tell you what.
If I promise to put the gun down,
will you not use karate?
Okay. All right, I'm gonna
put the gun down.
All right, we're all good.
Ah! Fuck!
That was karate!
That's definitely karate!
Wait a sec!
Wait a second!
Ho-ho-ho-ho!
That's a grenade.
What's the plan here?
It's a small room.
This is bad.
That's real bad.
Why do you have a grenade?
Never mind.
I don't wanna die.
Yeah.
Okay, hold on a second.
Just stay still.
Okay.
Just breathe, just breathe.
Now you're making me nervous.
Okay, you're shaking
a little bit. Be careful, be careful.
We're gonna do this
together. Ready?
One, two, three.
There we go.
Yeah. We did that.
Why don't you sit down?
Go ahead, sit down.
Relax. Just breathe.
Out through the nose,
in through the mouth.
Freeze!
Hey! Whoa, Steve!
Look at you.
That's my man Steve.
What's happening?
Well, there's no way I could get my gun.
I mean, you got...
A little red dot
on my heart.
I mean, I don't think I could.
Could I?
Hey, your bosses
are in the other room
trying to kill each other.
Do you hate me?
Do you wanna kill me?
Is that important to you?
It's not worth it to me.
I'm just here to pick up my girlfriend.
So you know what?
Here's what I'm gonna do,
I'm gonna put my gun down.
Okay?
What's the move, Steve?
You know what?
I like you more than those
motherfuckers anyway, man.
I like you, too, man.
Hey, you know Bruce?
Bruce, Steve.
Yeah. We met
at the office.
Bruce is having a hard day.
Maybe you could look
after him for a while.
I gotta go. I'll see you.
Mmm!
Hey, Monster.
Hey, honey.
Ahhh!
Sorry.
That was thoughtless.
Terribly sorry.
What? What are you
waiting for?
Gosh, you're cute.
You just like me tied up.
You pervert.
It's true.
I see it now.
Okay.
Get in here, get in here. Come here.
That's mine now. That's mine now.
You like that?
Why are we going
so slowly?
Well, I'm a little afraid of
that guy with the tank top.
Oh, Johnny Moon?
Yeah.
Is that his name? Ridiculous
I know, it's so stupid.
You know he spit on my face?
What?
That's not the worst of it.
He made fun of my nose.
Oh, no. I like how the nose looks.
You do?
Yeah, 'cause it's like, it feels
like everybody's having a good time.
Yeah, well, ideally they are,
you know, but...
Baby. Oh, my God.
Are you okay?
Knock it off, Francis.
Get out! Get outta here!
Get out! Run!
All right, wait a second.
Let's talk about this.
Come on.
He must
really like you.
I sure hope so,
'cause otherwise...
Coming to save me and
killing all these guys is
sending some seriously
mixed messages.
God, can you not
laugh right now?
I've got blood
in my ass crack
and my face hurts
from you guys hitting me.
You're being
a real ass, you know.
You know, it's funny, you being
down there and me up here.
It reminds me of
when I was little.
There was this kid, Eric.
Oh, this is gonna be
a great story, I can tell.
Now this kid, he would
pick on me every day, man.
He would scrunch up
my lunch bag every day.
And I thought, you know,
that kid, he's bigger than me.
He's stronger than me.
But you're gonna like this,
he had this turtle.
The most important part is
he loved this turtle.
And I thought, you know,
I'm bigger than a turtle.
I'm stronger than a turtle.
And do you know the sound a
turtle makes when you, uh...
Crush it?
It screams.
Now you're
catching my drift, right?
Clown Nose shows up,
he sees you bleeding out,
gets him thrown off
his game.
Squish.
Johnny Moon wins. Done.
You know...
The truth is...
It wasn't about Eric.
Truth is...
You know, I just
love crushing turtles.
Fuck! Ahhh!
Just fucking die!
I like turtles,
you dick!
Johnny, Richie's dead!
The guy you are
calling is dead. Sorry.
What? Hello? Hello?
Super-good.
It's not that
I'm angry with you.
It's just that I'm...
Disappointed.
I'm gonna take you out
into the desert.
I'm gonna dose
you up on something
really, really special.
And we're gonna reprogram
this shit outta your brain.
Too late for that.
This is bad.
Babe? You here?
Where the fuck is Johnny?
And why do you have his phone?
Okay.
Ah, he told me to
tell you that he, um,
wanted to go to Canada to visit
his girlfriend. They met online.
She designs jewelry.
She seems super-sweet.
Shut the fuck up!
Shut up! Where is he?
Okay.
I did kill him.
I bashed him over the head
with a statue.
And you're next.
You, you...
You're lying.
You're lying!
Shit!
Ah! Fuck!
You fucking bitch!
I'm sorry.
Did that hurt?
Fuck! My fucking hand!
I told you
this would happen!
I told you,
but you didn't listen to me!
Nobody listens to me!
God!
I am a T. Rex!
I am invincible!
Oh, well done.
This is great.
Thanks for this.
Yeah. This isn't exactly
how I saw the day going.
Really?
I promised Martha
I wouldn't kill anybody.
Oh, that's a relief.
I'll tell you what...
Francis, I might not
be the good guy...
Or whatever,
but it takes one to know one.
You know what I mean?
I mean, look at you.
You look like a fucking
psychopath right now.
You think you're just gonna walk
out of this life and settle down?
You'll never be normal.
Hey!
Who the fuck wants
to be normal anyway?
Hey, turn around,
you daft cunt!
Francis!
You're gonna make me
shoot you in the back, are you?
The truth is,
you got boring, Hopper.
Hey, Steve!
You all right, buddy?
Yeah, I'm okay now.
Look at you, man.
The bounty on Hopper's
like $5 million.
What? This motherfucker's
worth $5 million?
I'm rich, bitch!
Hey, you got any
green ones?
I saved a couple for you.
- Thanks, man.
- Hey, dancer.
Yeah?
Thank you.
Hey, right on.
Hey, dummy.
Hey, baby.
You're all wet.
I am wet.
I missed you.
Where did you get these?
I got 'em from Steve.
- Steve? Hey, Steve.
- You know Steve?
Baby, your pupils are super dilated.
Really?
Did you get shot
in the face?
Yeah.
I got shot in the face.
You did?
Yeah.
Who did that?
I'll bang him.
No, I banged him.
I banged him and I banged
the other guy.
Yeah. I banged them
right in their faces.
You banged two guys?
I banged two guys!
That's A-list killing,
Martha!
That's a clean sweep.
You got all the guys,
all the main bad guys.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You know,
I make shit happen.
Confidence.
Yeah. Confidence.
Fucking T. Rex.
Hey, listen.
Huh?
We gotta go to
the hospital real bad.
Okay.
Okay. Let's go. Let's go.
You're right, you're right.
Hey, Steve,
can you give us a ride?
Where do you
wanna go first?
Oh, don't make me choose.
You know I'm so bad at this.
I'm so indecisive it's like torture.
Okay.
All right, I'll tell you what.
I got a plan. Oh, yeah?
Jalapeno...
We go to Thailand...
For the Allosaurus dig.
Lime...
We go to Brazil
for the pterodactyls.
Whichever one you pick,
that's the one
you really wanted.
Targets in sight.
Snatch and grab as soon
as they leave the market.
Copy that.
Alpha Team in position.
Oh, jalapeño!
I'm really happy.
You want a...
I wanted it to be the jalapeño.
Thailand? All right, Thailand it is.
Yeah.
He's got nowhere to go.
Echo Team,
prepare for lockdown.
Target has
something in his hand.
Wait.
Could be a weapon.
What's he doing?
Echo Team, what can you see?
Echo Team,
we've lost visual contact
with the female target.
We've been spotted.
Shit! Where's the girl?
Who's got eyes on the girl?
Where the fuck is the girl?
Oh, shit.
Whatcha looking at?
You-you-you're
Just my type
Oh, you got a pulse
And you are breathing
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ooh, I think it's time
That we get leaving
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
When there's lovin'
In the air
Son of a bitch!
I can't help myself
But stare
Double check for
Double meanings
I'm a man who's got
very specific taste
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ah! What the fuck?
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ooh, I think it's time
That we get leaving
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ooh, ooh, ooh!
You-you-you're
Just my type
Oh, you got a pulse
And you are breathing
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ooh, I think it's time
That we get leaving
You-you-you're
Just my type
Ooh, I got you in my sight
Aiming for Mr. Right
You're my target
Don't you dare put up a fight
This is a love game
You're driving me insane
I just want to go
bang, bang, bang, bang
One, I'll pull your trigger
Two, down goes the zipper
Ooh, I'm top shelf liquor
Goes down smooth
But it hits you quicker
One, I'll pull your trigger
Two, down goes the zipper
Ooh, I'm top shelf liquor
Goes down smooth
But it hits you quicker
Bang, bang
Get up off of that
Boy, what you looking at
Girl, those crosshairs
point to you
Love with a gun
Go bang, bang
That's just what I'll do
One, I'll pull your trigger
Two, down goes the zipper
Ooh, I'm top shelf liquor
Goes down smooth
But it hits you quicker
One, I'll pull your trigger
Two, down goes the zipper
Ooh, I'm top shelf liquor
Goes down smooth
But it hits you quicker
Bang, bang
Get up off of that
Oh, yeah
Oh, oh, oh
One
I'll pull your trigger
Two
Down goes the zipper
One, I'll pull your trigger
Two, down goes the zipper
Ooh, I'm top shelf liquor
Goes down smooth
But it hits you quicker
Bang, bang
Get up off of that
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org